you
I could get used to a view like this yep
I'm used to it guys I want to castle
ah the kingdom it is beautiful clapping
dancing general merrymaking not a care
in the world at least for most folks see
that handsome fellow running for his
life
that is me they just can't get my nose
right and that Tower
well in that tower there lived a girl
who was just waiting for her life to
begin we really hit it off how you doing
[Music]
gentlemen that I am I decided to help
her I'm prepared to offer you a deal she
could not resist me I didn't want to
have to do this but you leave me no
choice
here comes the smolder you coming
blondie and before we knew it who began
to uncover some secrets I got to know
what they are I mean this is serious
stuff that just might turn this kingdom
upside down
why run eddo head arms in arms in knees
apart knees apart knees apart
[Music]
something brought you here fades destiny
a horse gum your finest table please
who's that they don't like me let's just
assume for the moment that everyone in
here doesn't like
this is kind of an off day for me this
doesn't normally happen go live your
tree I will your dream stinks I was
talking to her
you
summer in the city of arendelle
it couldn't be warmer it couldn't be
sunnier but that's about to change
forever arendelle it's completely frozen
well a real howler in July yeah
the land is covered in eternal snow if
we don't do something soon we'll all
freeze to death you want to talk about a
problem I sell ice for a living well
that's a rough business to be in right
now I mean that is really mm that's
unfortunate
my lady this is awkward
not your awkward but just because we're
I'm awkward you're gorgeous
wait what hi everyone I'm Olaf hi you're
creepy well I don't want it whoa all
right we got off to a bad start I know
how to stop this winter yeah hang on I
like that whoa whoa whoa whoa
get your feet down this is fresh lacquer
seriously were you raised in a barn
oh man mad
are you okay I've got a thick skull I
don't have a skull oh hey brush so you
like me to being a unicorn now I just
have to survive this blizzard that's no
blizzard that's my sister that would
have been nice to know that so no it is
not nice to throw snow people Oh
feisty-pants let the Snowman be and calm
great oh you're melting some people are
worth melting for you're just moving out
right the circus
come on buddy faster
my legs I can't get my legs oh those are
my legs
oh hey do me a favor grab my butt hey oh
that feels better